[deckhouse-config] new module: use ModuleConfig custom resource for configuration (#1729)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE_CONFIGURE.md

Resource `ModuleConfig/global` stores global settings. "global" can't be disabled, so the value of `spec.enabled` is ignored.

Example of `ModuleConfig` resources:

```yaml
apiVersion: deckhouse.io/v1
kind: ModuleConfig
metadata:
  name: global
spec:
  version: 1
  settings:
    modules:
      publicDomainTemplate: "%s.kube.company.my"
---
# monitoring-ping settings.
apiVersion: deckhouse.io/v1
kind: ModuleConfig
metadata:
  name: monitoring-ping
spec:
  version: 1
  settings:
    externalTargets:
    - host: 8.8.8.8
---
# Disable the dashboard module.
apiVersion: deckhouse.io/v1
kind: ModuleConfig
metadata:
  name: dashboard
spec:
  enabled: false
```

`status` field contains module state, you can get module state after applying changes:

```shell
kubectl get moduleconfigs
NAME                VERSION   AGE   ENABLED              STATUS
deckhouse           1         12h   Enabled              Ready
deckhouse-web       2         12h   Enabled              Ready
global              1         12h   Always On
prometheus          2         12h   Enabled              Ready
upmeter             2         12h   Disabled by config

> ```

Reviewer: We have changed printer columns. This example is not actual

Author: Done

permalink: en/
---

Deckhouse consists of the Deckhouse operator and modules. A module is a bundle of Helm chart, [Addon-operator](https://github.com/flant/addon-operator/) hooks, commands for building module components (Deckhouse components) and other files.

<div markdown="0" style="height: 0;" id="#deckhouse-configuration"></div>

> You can configure Deckhouse using the:
> - **[Global settings](deckhouse-configure-global.html)**. Global settings are stored in the `ModuleConfig/global` custom resource. Global settings can be be thought of as a special `global` module that cannot be disabled.
> - **[Modules settings](#configuring-the-module)**. Module settings are stored in the `ModuleConfig` custom resource; its name is the same as that of the module (in kebab-case).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure Deckhouse using:
- **[Global settings](deckhouse-configure-global.html)**. Global settings are stored in the `ModuleConfig/global` custom resource. Global settings can be be thought of as a special `global` module that cannot be disabled.
- **[Module settings](#configuring-the-module)**. Module settings are stored in the `ModuleConfig` custom resource; its name is the same as that of the module (in kebab-case).
```

- **Custom resources.** Some modules are configured using the additional custom resources.

An example of a set of custom resources for configuring Deckhouse:

```yaml
# Global setting.
apiVersion: deckhouse.io/v1
kind: ModuleConfig
metadata:
  name: global
spec:
  version: 1
  settings:
    modules:
      publicDomainTemplate: "%s.kube.company.my"
---
# The monitoring-ping module settings.
apiVersion: deckhouse.io/v1
kind: ModuleConfig
metadata:
  name: monitoring-ping
spec:
  version: 1
  settings:
    externalTargets:
    - host: 8.8.8.8
---
# Disable the dashboard module.
apiVersion: deckhouse.io/v1
kind: ModuleConfig
metadata:
  name: dashboard
spec:
  enabled: false
```

You can view the list of `ModuleConfig` custom resources and the states of the corresponding modules (enabled/disabled) as well as their statuses using the `kubectl get moduleconfigs` command:

```shell

> $ kubectl get moduleconfigs

Author: Yep, why not. I've added a shortName field to the CRD.

    - 10.2.200.55
```

Some modules can also be configured using custom resources. Use the search bar at the top of the page or select a module in the left menu to see a detailed description of its settings and the custom resources used.

### Enabling and disabling the module

> Depending on the [bundle used](#module-bundles), some modules may be enabled by default.

To enable/disable the module, set `spec.enabled` field of ModuleConfig resource to `true` or `false`. It may require creating ModuleConfig resource for the module.

Here is an example of disabling the `user-authn` module, enabled by default:

```yaml
apiVersion: deckhouse.io/v1
kind: ModuleConfig
metadata:
  name: user-authn
spec:
  enabled: false
```

```shell
kubectl get moduleconfigs
NAME                VERSION   AGE   ENABLED              STATUS

> user-authn          1         12h   Disabled by config

Reviewer: Wrong printer columns here

Author: Done

    - 10.2.200.55
```

Some modules can also be configured using custom resources. Use the search bar at the top of the page or select a module in the left menu to see a detailed description of its settings and the custom resources used.

### Enabling and disabling the module

> Depending on the [bundle used](#module-bundles), some modules may be enabled by default.

> To enable/disable the module, set `spec.enabled` field of the `ModuleConfig` custom resource to `true` or `false`. It may require creating `ModuleConfig` resource for the module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable/disable the module, set `spec.enabled` field of the `ModuleConfig` custom resource to `true` or `false`. Note that this may require you to first create a `ModuleConfig` resource for the module.
```

> Here is an example of disabling the `user-authn` module (the module will be turned off despite the module bundles used):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an example of disabling the `user-authn` module (the module will be turned off even if it is enabled as part of a module bundle):
```
